[ { permission: 'find accounts on the device',
    description: 'Allows the app to get the list of accounts known by the device. This may include any accounts created by applications you have installed.' },
  { permission: 'read your own contact card',
    description: 'Allows the app to read personal profile information stored on your device, such as your name and contact information. This means the app can identify you and may send your profile information to others.' },
  { permission: 'read calendar events plus confidential information',
    description: 'Allows the app to read all calendar events stored on your device, including those of friends or co-workers. This may allow the app to share or save your calendar data, regardless of confidentiality or sensitivity.' },
  { permission: 'add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners\' knowledge',
    description: 'Allows the app to add, remove, change events that you can modify on your device, including those of friends or co-workers. This may allow the app to send messages that appear to come from calendar owners, or modify events without the owners\' knowledge.' },
  { permission: 'read your contacts',
    description: 'Allows the app to read data about your contacts stored on your device, including the frequency with which you\'ve called, emailed, or communicated in other ways with specific individuals. This permission allows apps to save your contact data, and malicious apps may share contact data without your knowledge.' },
  { permission: 'approximate location (network-based)',
    description: 'Allows the app to get your approximate location. This location is derived by location services using network location sources such as cell towers and Wi-Fi. These location services must be turned on and available to your device for the app to use them. Apps may use this to determine approximately where you are.' },
  { permission: 'precise location (GPS and network-based)',
    description: 'Allows the app to get your precise location using the Global Positioning System (GPS) or network location sources such as cell towers and Wi-Fi. These location services must be turned on and available to your device for the app to use them. Apps may use this to determine where you are, and may consume additional battery power.' },
  { permission: 'send SMS messages',
    description: 'Allows the app to send SMS messages. This may result in unexpected charges. Malicious apps may cost you money by sending messages without your confirmation.' },
  { permission: 'directly call phone numbers',
    description: 'Allows the app to call phone numbers without your intervention. This may result in unexpected charges or calls. Note that this doesn\'t allow the app to call emergency numbers. Malicious apps may cost you money by making calls without your confirmation.' },
  { permission: 'read the contents of your USB storage',
    description: 'Allows the app to read the contents of your USB storage.' },
  { permission: 'record audio',
    description: 'Allows the app to record audio with the microphone. This permission allows the app to record audio at any time without your confirmation.' },
  { permission: 'view Wi-Fi connections',
    description: 'Allows the app to view information about Wi-Fi networking, such as whether Wi-Fi is enabled and name of connected Wi-Fi devices.' },
  { permission: 'read phone status and identity',
    description: 'Allows the app to access the phone features of the device. This permission allows the app to determine the phone number and device IDs, whether a call is active, and the remote number connected by a call.' },
  { permission: 'view network connections',
    description: 'Allows the app to view information about network connections such as which networks exist and are connected.' },
  { permission: 'pair with Bluetooth devices',
    description: 'Allows the app to view the configuration of Bluetooth on the device, and to make and accept connections with paired devices.' },
  { permission: 'access Bluetooth settings',
    description: 'Allows the app to configure the local Bluetooth device, and to discover and pair with remote devices.' },
  { permission: 'send sticky broadcast',
    description: 'Allows the app to send sticky broadcasts, which remain after the broadcast ends. Excessive use may make the device slow or unstable by causing it to use too much memory.' },
  { permission: 'connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi',
    description: 'Allows the app to connect to and disconnect from Wi-Fi access points and to make changes to device configuration for Wi-Fi networks.' },
  { permission: 'full network access',
    description: 'Allows the app to create network sockets and use custom network protocols. The browser and other applications provide means to send data to the internet, so this permission is not required to send data to the internet.' },
  { permission: 'run at startup',
    description: 'Allows the app to have itself started as soon as the system has finished booting. This can make it take longer to start the device and allow the app to slow down the overall device by always running.' },
  { permission: 'use accounts on the device',
    description: 'Allows the app to request authentication tokens.' },
  { permission: 'control vibration',
    description: 'Allows the app to control the vibrator.' },
  { permission: 'prevent device from sleeping',
    description: 'Allows the app to prevent the device from going to sleep.' },
  { permission: 'read Google service configuration',
    description: 'Allows this app to read Google service configuration data.' },
  { permission: 'receive data from Internet',
    description: 'Allows apps to accept cloud to device messages sent by the app\'s service. Using this service will incur data usage. Malicious apps could cause excess data usage.' } ]
