[ { permission: 'read your own contact card',
    description: 'Allows the app to read personal profile information stored on your device, such as your name and contact information. This means the app can identify you and may send your profile information to others.' },
  { permission: 'read your contacts',
    description: 'Allows the app to read data about your contacts stored on your device, including the frequency with which you\'ve called, emailed, or communicated in other ways with specific individuals. This permission allows apps to save your contact data, and malicious apps may share contact data without your knowledge.' },
  { permission: 'modify your contacts',
    description: 'Allows the app to modify the data about your contacts stored on your device, including the frequency with which you\'ve called, emailed, or communicated in other ways with specific contacts. This permission allows apps to delete contact data.' },
  { permission: 'approximate location (network-based)',
    description: 'Allows the app to get your approximate location. This location is derived by location services using network location sources such as cell towers and Wi-Fi. These location services must be turned on and available to your device for the app to use them. Apps may use this to determine approximately where you are.' },
  { permission: 'precise location (GPS and network-based)',
    description: 'Allows the app to get your precise location using the Global Positioning System (GPS) or network location sources such as cell towers and Wi-Fi. These location services must be turned on and available to your device for the app to use them. Apps may use this to determine where you are, and may consume additional battery power.' },
  { permission: 'read your text messages (SMS or MMS)',
    description: 'Allows the app to read SMS messages stored on your device or SIM card. This allows the app to read all SMS messages, regardless of content or confidentiality.' },
  { permission: 'receive text messages (MMS)',
    description: 'Allows the app to receive and process MMS messages. This means the app could monitor or delete messages sent to your device without showing them to you.' },
  { permission: 'receive text messages (SMS)',
    description: 'Allows the app to receive and process SMS messages. This means the app could monitor or delete messages sent to your device without showing them to you.' },
  { permission: 'receive text messages (WAP)',
    description: 'Allows the app to receive and process WAP messages. This permission includes the ability to monitor or delete messages sent to you without showing them to you.' },
  { permission: 'send SMS messages',
    description: 'Allows the app to send SMS messages. This may result in unexpected charges. Malicious apps may cost you money by sending messages without your confirmation.' },
  { permission: 'edit your text messages (SMS or MMS)',
    description: 'Allows the app to write to SMS messages stored on your device or SIM card. Malicious apps may delete your messages.' },
  { permission: 'directly call phone numbers',
    description: 'Allows the app to call phone numbers without your intervention. This may result in unexpected charges or calls. Note that this doesn\'t allow the app to call emergency numbers. Malicious apps may cost you money by making calls without your confirmation.' },
  { permission: 'read the contents of your USB storage',
    description: 'Allows the app to read the contents of your USB storage.' },
  { permission: 'modify or delete the contents of your USB storage',
    description: 'Allows the app to write to the USB storage.' },
  { permission: 'take pictures and videos',
    description: 'Allows the app to take pictures and videos with the camera. This permission allows the app to use the camera at any time without your confirmation.' },
  { permission: 'record audio',
    description: 'Allows the app to record audio with the microphone. This permission allows the app to record audio at any time without your confirmation.' },
  { permission: 'read phone status and identity',
    description: 'Allows the app to access the phone features of the device. This permission allows the app to determine the phone number and device IDs, whether a call is active, and the remote number connected by a call.' },
  { permission: 'view network connections',
    description: 'Allows the app to view information about network connections such as which networks exist and are connected.' },
  { permission: 'change network connectivity',
    description: 'Allows the app to change the state of network connectivity.' },
  { permission: 'measure app storage space',
    description: 'Allows the app to retrieve its code, data, and cache sizes' },
  { permission: 'full network access',
    description: 'Allows the app to create network sockets and use custom network protocols. The browser and other applications provide means to send data to the internet, so this permission is not required to send data to the internet.' },
  { permission: 'run at startup',
    description: 'Allows the app to have itself started as soon as the system has finished booting. This can make it take longer to start the device and allow the app to slow down the overall device by always running.' },
  { permission: 'control vibration',
    description: 'Allows the app to control the vibrator.' },
  { permission: 'prevent device from sleeping',
    description: 'Allows the app to prevent the device from going to sleep.' },
  { permission: 'read Google service configuration',
    description: 'Allows this app to read Google service configuration data.' },
  { permission: 'download files without notification',
    description: 'Allows the app to download files through the download manager without any notification being shown to the user.' } ]
